SERENA/BONNIE
Ta‐da!
What's that?
[CURIOUS]
‐ The Battle Chateau!
‐ 'Battle Chateau?'
CLEMONT
'I've never heard of it before.'
Ash, you're gonna
love this place!
It's nearby, so let's go!
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
ASH BREAKING TITLES
AT THE CHATEAU!
When you have a battle
at the Battle Chateau
'the winning Trainer
earns something'
'though I'm not sure just what.'
That sounds cool!
Maybe you're awarded
some kind of badge!
Or a cake! I love cake!
[chuckling]
Now let's see..
Noble title, yo!
[EXCITED]
Who's that Pokémon?
Fletchinder, the Ember Pokémon
and the evolved form
of Fletchling.
'Fletchinder flies
faster and faster'
'as the flame sac on its stomach
gradually heats up.'
[EXCITED]
The evolved form
of Fletchling, huh?
Yo, yo, yo! A Pokédex
in my face, not cool, bro!
Sorry about that.
So what's a noble title?
‐ Huh?
‐ Nico.
He actually listened
to what you said.
‐ Yo, yo!
You're not
from around here, yo.
Check out the legendary
Rivière Walk, yo.
You should learn it
if you're gonna be here, yo!
‐ Uh..
‐ Do you think they're rapping?
‐ Huh?
‐ So noble title?
It's a real pain to explain, yo.
But we're heading
to the Battle Chateau now, yo!
Come with us and check it out
for yourself, yo!
Great! Let's all go together!
It'll be the perfect warm‐up
before I challenge
the Cyllage Gym!
[EXCITED]
Warm up? I wouldn't be
too sure about that.
It may be tougher
than you think!
You're gonna be floored
when you get there, yo!
By the way, I'm Ash and this
is my partner, Pikachu!
[EXCITED]
I'm Clemont. It's a pleasure
to meet you both.
‐ And I'm Bonnie.
‐ Serena's my name.
‐ Hi there.
‐ I'm Nico.
And my partner is Fletchinder.
And I'm Chester.
My partner is Fletchling, yo.
So today's the first time
you challenge
the Battle Chateau, Chester?
Uh‐huh. It sure is.
I already have
a Battle‐Chateau title.
My brother's gotten
really good at battling
so I figured
it's time for his debut.
[sighs]
They're finally
not talking weird.
‐ Yo! There it is, yo!
‐ Um..
ASH
'Wow! Check it out!'
[EXCITED]
It's gorgeous!
Huh? What's written up there?
"Battle Chateau. Show
your strength with a title."
Hm.
[all gasping]
Beautiful!
Hello, Baron Nico.
The Battle Chateau welcomes you
with open arms.
Baron?
[CONFUSED]
I brought my brother
along with me today.
He'd like
to have his debut battle.
I'm Chester.
Very pleased to meet you.
I'd like to have a battle, too!
‐ Oh. And you're?
‐ I'm Ash.
And I come from Pallet Town
in the Kanto region.
[EXCITED]
Well, well.
It's the honorable Baron Nico.
It's a pleasure to see
your brother make his debut.
‐ Thank you.
‐ This is the Chateau owner.
‐ Duke Turner.
‐ Pleased to meet you.
It is my honor
to welcome a guest
who traveled all the way
from the Kanto region.
Our Chateau provides
a fulfilling battle experience
and serves as a meeting place
for all the many Trainers
'who visit here.'
Ash, this place
sounds perfect for you!
Yeah!
Now, the first thing to know
is all Trainers
at the Battle Chateau
are referred to as knights.
CLEMONT
Knights?
What an appropriate title
for Trainers
battling at a castle!
[chuckles]
True.
Then each and every knight has
a noble title bestowed upon them
that is based on the grand total
of their
Battle‐Chateau victories.
I wish you the best of luck
in earning your highest possible
noble title.
Allow me to show you
the Battle‐Chateau sitting room.
Each time you visit here,
this is where
you'll be choosing
a battling adversary.
Wow!
[AMAZED]
[indistinct chatter]
Ladies and gentlemen,
I have the distinct honor
to present Baron Nico.
‐ Hm?
‐ Hm.
‐ Wow!
‐ So everybody here is a knight?
Right, this is a great place
to hang out with other Trainers
trade stories and information,
and also look for an opponent.
Yeah! So you battle
who you want?
Not exactly. There's a catch.
You have to be
the same noble title.
[SURPRISED]/[EXCITED]
Huh? What's that guy
doing up there?
‐ Uh..
‐ Wow, who is he, anyway?
Oh, yeah, that guy's name
is Grant.
He's always climbing walls.
‐ Yeah, he's really strong.
‐ Strong, huh?
Any barons here
who would be willing to accept
a battle challenge from me?
‐ Huh?
I'll accept your challenge.
My name is Baron Farrell.
How do you do?
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I'm looking forward
to our battle.
Alright, Nico and Farrell
please proceed
to the battlefield.
'All other knights
may watch the battle'
'from the outside terrace.'
[all gasping]
Huh?
[chuckles]
Hey, that's Ash.
‐ Check out the capes!
‐ So cool!
‐ 'It's a tradition.'
‐ Huh?
The atmosphere here is quite
different from a Pokémon Gym.
True, the Battle Chateau
was founded
on the principles
of a knights' duel.
The aim is to elevate
Pokémon battles
through the spirit
of chivalry.
It became much more
than two powerful Trainers
simply battling along
with their greatest Pokémon
'in a clash of moves.'
'A battle culture
that held civility'
'in high regard was born.'
Nowadays Gym battles
have become the mainstream
but many people enjoy
the Battle Chateau
as something they can only
experience in the Kalos region.
Wearing those capes
is so awesome!
Yeah. White capes
are worn only by barons.
So how many noble titles
are there?
[chuckles]
Baron is the first
noble title.
Then there's viscount.
Earl is number three.
Then there's marquis.
Number five is duke.
And the highest title
is grand duke!
‐ Wow, that's a lot!
‐ Huh!
‐ To a good battle!
‐ To a good battle.
The Pokémon battle
between Baron Nico
and Baron Farrell
is about to commence.
If Baron Nico is victorious
'that will be his tenth victory'
'allowing him to ascend
to the noble title of viscount.'
May you both battle with spirit
while observing
the knight's code of chivalry.
Fletchinder, come on out!
[APPEARING]
Dusknoir, let's go!
Oh, they're so cute!
‐ A Dusknoir!
‐ Wow, I've never seen one.
Dusknoir, the Gripper Pokémon.
'Dusknoir is said
to travel between'
'the human and spirit worlds.'
Nico will win.
His Fletchinder
is super‐powerful!
Use Thunder Punch!
[THUNDER PUNCH MOVE]
Use Flame Charge, go!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
It's gone!
[EXERTION]
[THUNDER PUNCH MOVE]
Fletchinder's hit!
Ghost types are so scary!
They can disappear and reappear!
Electric‐type moves
are super‐effective
against Flying types!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
‐ Wow, look at Fletchinder go!
‐ Awesome!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
[PAINED]
That Flame Charge was powerful!
Right, Nico and Fletchinder
trained really hard
for this battle.
‐ Yoo‐hoo?
‐ Huh? Viola?
[EXCITED]
Hey there, Ash! Wow.
Who would have thought
I'd be running into you?
‐ What are you doing here?
‐ I love the Chateau.
Actually, I have
the noble title of duchess.
‐ Duchess?
‐ It's the second‐highest title.
See, it's the female
equivalent of duke.
Oh, wow. So you must've won a
lot of battles to be a duchess.
[PAINED]
ELISE
That's it!
And Fletchinder
is the winning Pokémon!
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Alright, Nico won!
‐ That Fletchinder is strong!
Now that Nico has ten victories,
his noble title will change.
He goes from the noble
title of baron
to the title of viscount.
TURNER
Excellent!
We applaud the two
gifted knights
and their Pokémon
for their valiant battle.
‐ Argh!
‐ What was that?
[CURIOUS]
Huh? Not again.
Grant, once more?
I'm afraid I just
couldn't help but applaud.
It was to show my respect
for such a brilliant battle.
But, Grant, if you felt that way
why didn't you come down first?
Because the wall
refuses to let me go.
The walls here are so smooth,
they're irresistible.
They draw me to them.
You do see the delicate beauty
of the Battle Chateau's walls
don't you, Viola?
Talk about their beauty
all you want
but I'll never understand
the appeal of walls.
‐ So you know this guy, Viola?
‐ His name is Grant.
He's never seen a wall
around here he didn't love.
Also, he's strong.
[chuckles]
They told me the rules.
I'd like to battle you,
so I was wondering
what your title is.
My noble title is duke.
Duke is the second‐highest title
you can get!
‐ 'Now then..'
‐ Huh?
Let us proceed
to the debut battle
involving the two knights
who have come here
‐ for the first time today.
‐ New knights?
Yeah. Turner's talking about us.
[chuckles]
[EXCITED]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Fletchinder!
[EXERTION]
Please give the knights
who are about to have
their first battle at the Battle
Chateau a round of applause.
[cheering]
So you say you've battled
against Ash before.
He's a gutsy Trainer,
that's for sure
as are his Pokémon.
They're quite amazing.
Once you see
his passion and drive
'I'm sure you'll agree.'
Ash and Chester,
whoever wins this first battle
will then be awarded
the noble title of baron.
‐ Right!
‐ Well, I've been training
long and hard for this day.
‐ I'm gonna win!
‐ Then let's get underway.
‐ To a good battle.
‐ Oh, yeah, to a good battle.
Okay, Pikachu, get in there!
[AGREEMENT]
Hold on.
What was in Ash's Poké Ball?
You see,
that's Pikachu's Poké Ball.
Pikachu doesn't like being
inside it, so it stays out.
‐ Yeah?
‐ This is our first battle here.
I want to win it with you!
[AGREEMENT]
And my Pokémon, it's Fletchling!
[APPEARING]
[EXERTION]
Fletchling's a Flying type!
We've been training right
alongside Nico's Fletchinder.
It'll be able to take
anything you try.
Now let the battle begin!
Alright! Use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Agility!
[AGILITY MOVE]
You won't get away!
Use Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
‐ Ash is starting off strong.
‐ Perhaps.
Although Flying‐type Pokémon
are weak against
Electric‐type moves
it doesn't mean anything
if those moves don't connect.
Strength can only take you
so far.
[EXERTION]
Use Feather Dance!
[FEATHER DANCE MOVE]
[CONFUSED]
What's going on?
We've just lowered
Pikachu's attack power!
Now, Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
We won't lose!
Iron Tail, let's go!
[AGREEMENT]
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
Pikachu's Iron Tail
is weaker than it normally is.
Feather Dance
is an amazing move.
‐ Ash and Pikachu, do it!
‐ Fletchling, use Steel Wing!
Use Iron Tail one more time!
[AGREEMENT]
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
But Pikachu's
attack power is down!
If one hit isn't enough,
we'll just hit a bunch of times!
Huh.
[PAINED]
You know, you were right
about Ash's strength.
See?
With the strength
to deal with adversity
looks like this battle's
already over.
Now check out
Pikachu's Thunderbolt!
[EXERTION]
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PAINED]
Oh, no!
That's it!
'And Pikachu
is the winning Pokémon!'
[chuckling]
ASH/CHESTER
Thank you very much!
[EXCITED]
I knew you'd win it, Pikachu!
You were strong, too,
Fletchling.
Thanks for working so hard!
‐ Chester lost.
‐ There's always next time.
Yeah. He'll just
have to train with me more.
Today's loss is tomorrow's win!
And now I am pleased
to announce that Ash
from Pallet Town is awarded
the noble title of baron.
‐ Congratulations.
‐ Ha!
I'm a baron now.
[EXCITED]
Bummer I lost,
but congratulations!
Hm.
VIOLA
'A picture to mark
your first victory here.'
‐ Now smile.
‐ Huh?
[CURIOUS]
A white glove?
Someone's challenging you!
I was wondering
when he'd finally ask me.
Hi, Grant.
Duchess Viola, I would like
to challenge you to a battle.
And I accept.
‐ To a good battle.
Everybody out!
[AGREEMENT]
Hey, Ash, I didn't know
you had a Fletchling, too.
Yeah. Everybody,
let's cheer for Viola!
[AGREEMENT]
The Chateau Pokémon battle
between Duchess Viola and
Duke Grant will now commence.
Both only need
but one more victory
so whoever wins this battle
'will ascend to become
grand duke or grand duchess'
'the highest
noble title possible.'
Alright, Surskit, let's go!
[APPEARING]
[AGREEMENT]
It's Surskit!
[EXCITED]
Onix, you're on!
[APPEARING]
[EXERTION]
Wow. It's huge!
Onix! That's a Rock type!
It's amazing!
Onix, the Rock Snake Pokémon.
'Onix takes in enormous amounts
of soil through its mouth'
'creating long tunnels.'
ELISE
'Begin!'
Surskit, use Ice Beam!
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
I thought you'd be using
that strategy.
Speed may be
one of your specialties
but I'll stop you
in your tracks!
Use Rock Tomb!
[AGREEMENT]
Yeah? My Surskit won't be
stopped as easily as you think.
[ROCK TOMB MOVE]
[PAINED]
What's going on
with that Rock Tomb?
It's controlling the boulders!
Grant must've trained hard
to do that.
He's obviously
no ordinary Trainer.
[PAINED]
Surskit, use Bubble Beam!
[BUBBLE BEAM MOVE]
Use Protect!
[PROTECT MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Huh, you dodged that well.
Now use Signal Beam!
[SIGNAL BEAM MOVE]
Use Flash Cannon!
[FLASH CANNON MOVE]
Now! Get closer!
Rock Polish.
[ROCK POLISH MOVE]
[EXERTION]
It's getting faster!
Onix is outmaneuvering Surskit!
NICO
'Just like a duke's Pokémon!
Off the charts!'
Your power and speed
have improved tremendously!
‐ You're too kind.
‐ Use Ice Beam!
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
Onix, jump!
[JUMP MOVE]
‐ Huh?
‐ Whoa! What a jump!
Now use Rock Tomb!
[ROCK TOMB MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ Huh?
‐ It's over. Use Flash Cannon.
[FLASH CANNON MOVE]
Surskit, no!
[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
That's it.
Onix is the winning Pokémon!
Surskit, you were wonderful.
You battled well, you win
and you're a grand duke now!
Well, it's all
because of Onix's hard work.
Onix earned it
and gets all the credit.
Awesome!
[AMAZED]
That Rock Tomb
was totally incredible!
Not just that, its moves
combined with
its ease of getting around
‐ make it unbelievable!
‐ And strong, too!
SERENA
Theyre in a league of their own.
I never would've guessed!
‐ Grant?
‐ Huh?
That battle was the best ever!
I wanna raise my title just
so I can battle you someday!
Me, too!
Now I've got one more goal!
I lost today,
but tomorrow I'll win.
It's a tough climb,
but I'll be here.
Oh, yes.
So I've been told that
you're challenging several Gyms.
That right!
Then we'll probably
be seeing each other
at the Gym first
before we battle back here.
‐ Huh?
‐ You see?
Grant's
the Cyllage City Gym Leader.
[all gasping]
You're the Cyllage Gym Leader?
The Cyllage City Gym is the one
Ash is going to challenge next!
That's why you're so strong!
Two Gym Leaders
battling each other? Wow!
You used Onix, so that means
your Gym is a Rock‐type Gym!
‐ Uh, you're exactly right.
‐ Rock type, huh?
You know,
your Pikachu is quite strong.
I'll be looking forward
to the day
you come and challenge me
at the Cyllage Gym.
Great!
[AGREEMENT]
Until then.
You'll need to come up
with a strategy
that can counter
that powerful Rock Tomb
‐ if you want to win a badge.
‐ Yeah. I'll be ready!
We'll train like
there's no tomorrow!
[AGREEMENT]
Nico, Chester, thanks
for showing us this cool place.
No worries, yo!
Good luck with
your Gym battle, yo, yo!
Here we go with the yos, yo.
‐ Yo, yo! They're contagious.
‐ Ugh!
We're gonna become
a whole lot stronger
and the next time you see us
you'll be looking
at two grand dukes
‐ yo, baby, yo!
‐ Look forward to it, yo!
Yeah! I'll be a lot stronger
next time, too! See you then!
[AGREEMENT]
NARRATOR
Visit to Battle Chateau
has not only given our heroes
a memorable experience
but also introduced Ash
to Grant
the Gym Leader
of Cyllage City.
Excitement is in the air
as the journey continues.
[theme music]